When I sent Girag to
the humans' world,
I made his mission clear,
he was to defeat Yuma Tsukumo
and get his Numbers.
But clearly he is not
strong enough for the task!
Alito!
Alito, where are you?
Yes, Dumon, what is it?
Alito, you must travel to
the human's world immediately!
We need you to retrieve
the Numbers located there!
But why do I have
to be the one?
Send someone else
on this mission.
I have no desire
to assume human form
with all their limits.
Plus my dueling skills
would be completely
squandered on their world!
I have chosen you, Alito.
I will go then, Dumon.
Since you are so insistent.
Remember, Barian World
is depending on you!
I promise I will not fail!
For all our sakes,
I hope you are right.
Are you sure this
is a good idea?
Yuma Tsukumo must be defeated.
Our world desperately
needs those Numbers.
Why send Alito?
He only cares about himself
and he's far too impulsive.
Mizar, I know what I'm doing.
We need an expert duelist
for this mission and Alito
is certainly one of our best.
His competitive nature
will be a great advantage.
Do not fear.
Yuma Tsukumo's Numbers
will soon be ours!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing halfway
to forever ♪ ♪
(man on TV)
But if you act now and order
in the next two minutes,
we'll send you not one,
but two for the same low...
♪ We'll be together forever ♪
Our light will never
have to dim again... ♪
She must be the one
everyone's talkin' about!
The singer Scarlett Starling!
(Scarlett on TV)
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪ ♪
What a voice, what sweet music.
She's so good!
Hey!
Girag... I didn't know
you were a music fan.
Who are you!
What, you don't
you recognize me?
I forgot we never met
in this form before.
You asked for it, kid,
and you're gonna get it!
No human could match
my moves that way...
Alito!
It's you!
It's been a long time!
(Alito)
But it seems you haven't
changed a bit.
Even though you look
very different now,
you're still a slacker!
I'm just takin' a break.
Yeah, well you've been taking
it too easy, which is why
I was sent here to get
the mission back on track.
You won't be any more
successful than me!
Of course I will,
because I'll keep
all my focus on dueling!
I'm not gonna get
distracted like you!
While you keep failing,
I'll get it done!
(indistinct conversation)
This mission is a total
waste of my time.
I'm supposed to be collecting
Numbers, but I can only use
these pathetic
humans to get them.
I guess I won't be
doing any dueling here.
Oh, well!
Hey, watch out!
Oops, sorry!
Are you okay?
I must be dreaming!
Hey, Girag...
Do you believe "love at
first sight" is real?
Because I know it is.
It just happened to me!
Girag, I don't know
who that girl is,
but I'm going to win her heart.
I'll use my classic
"counter" strategy!
This counter?
That math quiz was super easy!
You're the one I bumped
into yesterday.
I wanted to apologize.
Please forgive me.
Step one: start by
turning up the heat.
That's okay.
It was my fault.
Then counter your first
impression by playing it cool.
Heads down, dudettes!
You'll never catch
up to me now!
Who's that?
(Yuma)
Don't be so
sure, Bronk!
Watch where you're going!
Catch you later, Tori!
Bronk, hold up,
that was interference!
Hey, wait for me!
Tori...
(boy) Marco!
(boy) Polo!
(Alito) Hey there!
How's it goin'?
Step two, use the unexpected
to catch her off guard.
Quit goofing around!
You could get hurt!
Now that I've got
her attention,
I'll give her a scare!
She'll be completely
defenseless
as I unleash one of my
most disarming lines.
You should be more careful.
It was actually your fault.
I was so dazzled by
your gorgeous eyes,
that it threw off my balance!
My eyes... really?
(Yuma)
Let's do a double-dive!
C'mon Ray!
Time to high-five
the sky!
Don't make me!
Heads up!
Hey, look out!
(Alito) Excuse me, Tori?
I believe you dropped this.
That doesn't belong to me.
Step three: win her heart
with the perfect compliment!
That's strange.
I was sure it had fallen
from one of your wings
since you're
such an "angel."
Cover your mouth!
Sorry!
Wait, where're we going now?
(Tori)
Get back here,
you hear me?
(Girag)
Your strategy
didn't work?
No!
Maybe you need to come up with
a different strategy, Alito.
No, I'm sure it would've
worked if that
other kid hadn't
kept interfering.
It was like he was
trying to sabotage me
every step of the way!
Sounds like you got a rival.
And in that case, there's
only one thing you can do.
You've gotta prove to
her that you're better
than this other guy.
Challenge him to
a no-holds-barred,
one-on-one duel.
Show her that you're a winner
and she'll fall for you.
You may be on to
something, Girag.
Listen, your problem is solved
if you just do this one thing.
Win!
Now fuel up for your duel!
I will duel, and win!
Hey!
A note?
Huh...
"Meet me on the roof
to duel for Tori."
Hey, who is that from?
Where'd you come from?
Morning, I'm glad
to see you too!
Hi.
Look, I got a note that
says you're challenging me
to a duel over Tori, but
I'm sure it's a joke!
My note was serious
and I demand
an answer from you right now!
Do you accept my
challenge or no?
If you refuse, Tori
will realize I am
the only one who is
truly worthy of her!
I have no idea what
you're talking about!
But I never turn down
the chance to duel!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established!
Let's duel!
I'll get us started!
I draw!
Whatever card I pick
should help me take charge
of this duelright
from the start.
I know!
First I summon Battlin'
Boxer Headgeared!
Great!
And next I'm going to activate
spell card Ring Announcer!
Now the sparring can
really get started,
'cause this spell
lets me summon
another of my Battlin'
Boxer monsters!
In my corner, it's
Battlin' Boxer Glassjaw!
I'm far from done, cause,
I now I overlay
Headgeared and Glassjaw!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Battlin'
Boxer Lead Yoke!
I've handled tougher
Xyz monsters than that.
You should be extra cautious.
What do you mean?
I am sensing that there
is something different
about this opponent.
No!
I can't believe it!
That must be... Astral!
He's the one who came
from Astral World.
And that can only
mean one thing.
That kid is Yuma Tsukumo!
I'll place two cards facedown.
It's your move!
This duel should be more
interesting than I expected!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I'll start off by
summoning Gagaga Magician.
And I'll follow
it up by activating
my spell Blustering Winds!
This spell packs
the force of a hurricane,
boosting my monster's
attack points by a thousand!
And it's all heading your way!
Work your magic, Gagaga!
Blast Lead Yoke!
Quick, Lead Yoke!
Use your special ability now!
It can use an Overlay
Unit to shield itself
from being KO'd in battle!
What?
But that won't protect
you from damage!
You call that an attack?
I forgot to mention Lead Yoke's
other special ability!
Whenever it loses
Overlay Units,
Lead Yoke gains 800
attack points!
As I feared, this monster is
not to be taken lightly, Yuma.
Guess I'll have
to end my turn.
Which means I draw!
Straightaway, I'll activate
my spell Mano a Mano!
If I were you,
I'd brace myself!
If either of us takes damage in
battle, this spell increases
that damage by
a thousand points!
Now Lead Yoke, Ko
Gagaga Magician!
I won't be pulling any punches,
'cause I want you to
throw in the towel!
(Alito)
I won't be pulling
any punches,
'cause I want you to
throw in the towel!
Throw in the towel?
You had enough, or should
we go another round?
You know it.
You're up now, but I'm gonna
be the last man standing!
You've got spirit even
if you are gonna lose!
Except I'm not gonna lose!
To start my comeback,
I'll summon Dododo Warrior!
I don't need to tribute
to summon this monster,
because I'm going to lower
its attack points by 500!
After that, I'll
activate a spell
to bring back my Magician!
I play Monster Reborn!
Gagaga has an awesome
trick up its sleeve.
Once per turn, it can change
its Level between one and eight,
so I'm switching
its Level to six.
Now I overlay my Level
six Dododo Warrior
and Gagaga Magician!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon a monster
that's packed with power...
Gauntlet Launcher!
Then I'll activate Gauntlet
Launcher's special ability!
By using an Overlay Unit,
it can destroy
one monster on the field!
No way!
I could never block that!
Unless of course,
I play this...
the trap Xyz Block!
All I have to do is remove an
Overlay Unit from my Xyz Monster
and then Xyz Block negates your
monster's special ability!
Yuma, I am afraid this monster
presents us with
a serious challenge.
Every time Lead Yoke loses an
Overlay Unit it grows stronger!
That monster has muscles
on its muscles!
This will require you to
rethink your strategy.
I'll put two cards facedown
and then end my turn!
Sure thing!
You can finish them
off now, Lead Yoke.
Go ahead and attack
Gauntlet Launcher!
Charge full speed ahead
and pummel it into oblivion!
I activate the trap
Battle Rush!
This trap prevents your
monster from being destroyed,
and he takes any damage
that you would have taken.
Well played, Yuma.
I expected that!
What?
With my incredible
"counter" strategy,
I can block practically
any move you try!
I activate my Fancy
Footwork trap card!
Any trap you activate
in battle is destroyed,
so it's bye-bye
Battle Rush!
Now, go for the victory
blow, Lead Yoke!
The damage you take will
be increased substantially
by his spell Mano a Mano.
You will be down
to 100 life points.
Not if I use Xyz Strike!
You cannot Yuma,
that is too risky!
I have no choice!
If it works, my trap
will counter his trap!
I have to draw one
card from my deck.
If it's a monster card,
then the two monsters
battling will swap
attack points,
then the attack points
of my opponent's monster
get zeroed out!
Yes, but the damage
you take will be doubled
if the card you draw
is not a monster!
I have to take the chance
or I don't deserve to win!
Yuma!
I'm feeling the flow!
Oh, yeah!
A monster card!
Gauntlet Launcher, bash
him with a Turbo Jab!
I won?
I'm amazing!
Thank you, thank you!
He was prepared to utilize the
spell card Flaming Knockout!
If Yuma had not used his trap
card to destroy Lead Yoke,
then his opponent's spell
card Flaming Knockout
could have been activated
and dealt him damage equal
to his own monster's
attack points!
If that was the case,
then Yuma would certainly
have lost the duel.
It seems that whenever
Yuma finds himself
backed into a corner,
he always believes he
will find a way to
"high five the sky"...
I am glad when he does not
fall flat on his face.
Best win of all time!
(Tori) Yuma!
Tori!
What's wrong?
Sorry, Yuma.
I didn't mean to blab
about the note to Tori,
but I'm afraid that keeping
secrets is not exactly
the Ray way.
I can't believe it, Yuma!
Are you really dueling over me?
Over you?
(Alito) Yuma Tsukumo!
I can't believe
you defeated me!
Not by much, though.
Still...
Look, it's no big deal.
If we dueled again, it
could turn out differently.
No, enough!
I don't want you dueling
over me anymore!
Excuse me.
Oh, well.
That was amazing!
What?
I thought this duel
would be easy!
What a mistake!
Oh by the way,
my name's Alito.
Remember that name
'cause you and I are
gonna be dueling a lot, Yuma!
What's wrong?
You don't wanna duel more?
Of course I do!
Hey!
What about me?
(Yuma)
I'm winning our
next duel, too!
(Alito)
The only thing you're
winning is a one way ticket
to Loser World!
(Yuma) Oh, yeah?